feat: improve backend qix table and update dependencies (#82)
qlik-oss/qlik-cloud-embed-oauth-impersonation: README.md

├── server.js               # Express backend: auth flow, user provisioning, API routes
├── template.env            # Copy to .env and fill in your credentials
├── src/
│   ├── home.html           # Main dashboard (served only from GET / after user provisioning)
│   ├── login.html          # Demo login (served from GET /login)
│   ├── js/

> │   │   └── script.js       # Frontend helpers: getAccessToken, getConfig, getSheets, getHypercube

Reviewer: Since you're adding the `getUserAttributes` helper via this PR, I think it's missing here:
```suggestion
│   │   └── script.js       # Frontend helpers: getAccessToken, getConfig, getSheets, getHypercube, getUserAttributes
```

## Troubleshooting

These align with [OAuth impersonation troubleshooting](https://qlik.dev/authenticate/oauth/implement-oauth-impersonation/) and common integration mistakes:

- **Blank embeds or auth errors after login** — Check both OAuth clients’ **allowed origins** match your running app URL (including port).
- **Token or user API failures** — Confirm client IDs/secrets, impersonation enabled on the frontend client, and scopes as in Prerequisites.
- **Impersonation / user errors** — This app creates the Qlik user on first `GET /` after login. Ensure your backend client can create users and that the prefixed email does not conflict.
- **Wrong tenant** — Verify `TENANT_URI` matches the tenant where the app and OAuth clients were registered.

> - **CSRF** — This project uses [`csrf-sync`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/csrf-sync) (synchronizer token pattern with `express-session`) for CSRF protection on state-changing requests.

Reviewer: Since you rolled back, this project doesn't use `csrf-sync`:
```suggestion
- **CSRF** — This project uses [`csurf`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/csurf) with `cookie-parser` for CSRF protection on state-changing requests.
```
